Update circleci-images to better display next-gen images. (#5392)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/circleci-images.md

## Out of scope
{: #out-of-scope }

1. If an image isn't listed above, it is not available. As the Convenience Image
   program is revamped, proposals for new images are not currently being
   accepted.
1. Old versions of software will not be rebuilt. Once an upstream image stops
   building the tag for a specific release, say Node.js v8.1.0, then we stop
   building it too. This means other tools in that image, such as `npm` in this
   example, will no longer be updated either.
1. We don't support building preview, beta, or release candidate images tags. On
   occasion they'll be available but these tags tend to cause our build system
   for Convenience Images to fail. If you need a non-stable release of a
   language, we suggest installing it via [an orb](https://circleci.com/orbs/)

>    or a custom Docker image instead.

Author: I am wonder ing if the next-generation conveniences images have become commonplace enough to warrant removing this section?

## Out of scope
{: #out-of-scope }

> 1. If an image isn't listed above, it is not available. As the Convenience Image

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. If an image is not listed above, it is not available. As the Convenience Image
```

   program is revamped, proposals for new images are not currently being
   accepted.
1. Old versions of software will not be rebuilt. Once an upstream image stops
   building the tag for a specific release, say Node.js v8.1.0, then we stop
   building it too. This means other tools in that image, such as `npm` in this
   example, will no longer be updated either.

> 1. We don't support building preview, beta, or release candidate images tags. On

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. We do not currently support building preview, beta, or release candidate images tags. On
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. We do not support building preview, beta, or release candidate images tags. On
```

>    occasion they'll be available but these tags tend to cause our build system

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   occasion they will be available but these tags tend to cause our build system
```

{% endfor %}
</ul>

> <br/>

Author: My local build needed a bit of space between the generated lists of images and the below `Note:` so I added a BR.
